I put this little film on
youtube February 25, 2013
ten days after fell
Chelyabinsk meteorite
like a parody of a movie that was
exposed
further February 16 claim to be
expecting that supposedly
the meteorite was hit by a rocket or other
then i put up a movie i meet 4 with
more detailed analysis and now you
see this movie in this movie I want
do a detailed analysis was and
really beaten Russian meteorite by
Chelyabinsk rocket or inlog like
claim some movies on these kinds
notice the stains on the glass now
mud
here but more follow one spot i
stopped the frame and showing this spot on
glass look like it will
move now regarding
the relative motion of the meteorite will see
meteorite moves to the left of the spot or
as if the stain moves to the right along with
him by the way this rocket moves
if you see here on the frame now i'm
I will note now
straight line between the rocket and the spot on
glass and show that this stain can be seen
and rockets supposedly they are always on
windshield
in the same place obviously
completely flashing but why is black
passes through the comet
because the car turns
right and the comet itself in the image itself
the comet moves relative to the glass shaft
left
because the car is moving on the right and
respectively, respectively black
passes when moving comet left
glass through a meteorite here you saw that
road besteht on turning right and
don't need big big ones here that
you see that no rockets and even more
Well, there was not here and it's just a highlight
on the glass and thanks for watching and
listened to me on my movie total
good to here